Title: TOP SECRET: Zombkolaps Potion


Author: Zombie Containment (ZC) Labs Inc


Page 1: ZC Labs Classification Level: TOP SECRET.


Page 2: IF YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED BY ZC LABS INC TO POSSESS THIS BOOK, DESTROY THIS BOOK IMMEDIATELY. THIS BOOK’S CONTENTS ARE EXTREMELY DEADLY OUTSIDE OF THE CENTRAL TEST SITE.


Page 3: This book contains the recipe to manually infect individuals with Zombkolaps without the danger of exposing them or others to a zombie. 


Page 4: For obvious reasons, it is extremely unethical to utilize this potion outside of extraordinary circumstances. ZC Labs believes we currently live in those extraordinary circumstances.


Page 5: These potions should only be used to help advance research in safety measures, treating the turning and curing Zombkolaps.


Page 6: The deadly effects of consuming zombie remains are well known. You can get poisoned or on rare occasions develop Zombkolaps from consuming it. Our scientists sought to see if you can replicate the effect manually. 


Page 7: We were successful. 


Page 8: Initial attempts failed because the standard base awkward potion failed to hold the effects of Zombkolaps from the rotten flesh. However, using nontraditional bases, we discovered the thick potion held on the effects of Zombkolaps from rotten flesh. 


Page 9: This model also still allows the creation of splash potions, which makes research using this potion viable.


Page 10: This is the recipe to brew the Zombkolaps Potion. Depending on how you brew this potion, you can create either a drinkable or splash version of the Zombkolaps Potion. 


Page 11: This potion will infect anyone with the Turning Phase of Zombkolaps.


Page 12: Firstly, in a brewing stand make a Thick Potion using a water bottle and glowstone dust. Then, add rotten flesh to the potion to create the Zombkolaps potion. You can add gunpowder to turn into a splash potion.


Page 13: CEO APPROVAL OF POTION USE: GRANTED


Title: GhastlyPixel9 Potions Deal


Author: Gismun Lekti Se-Tremorapaki


Page 1: [Librarian’s Note]
I bought this from a wandering trader who claims to have recovered this from a burning building. They state that the burning building resembled a lab. This seems important, so I’ll preserve this for future readers.


Page 2: A Confederate Warlord, who calls themself Governor GhastlyPixel9 requested to buy 100 splash potions of Zombkolaps for 1,000 emeralds and 20 test subjects. 


Page 3: They also pledged to provide the 100 rotten flesh needed. Our lab accepted this deal, with the provision that the entirety of the transaction occurred upfront. The Governor reluctantly agreed to this provision.


Page 4: Deal Evaluation from Head Researcher: 


Our lab leadership evaluated this deal to be necessary to fund and expand experiments. This deal was amended by our ethics advisor, but objected to the final deal. Their objection is noted at the end.


Page 5 : Demand for Emeralds:
Our lab fundamentally lacks sufficiency. We need emeralds to buy food, cure materials, and construct emerald golems to protect our lab from attacks. 


Page 6: Our choices are binary, we can charge families more to cure their loved ones or we can make deals like this one. Diverting money from governors who will spend it on their wars regardless is more ethical in my eyes. 


Page 7: Additionally, not being in their crosshairs allows us to continue our mission safely.


Page 8: Ethics of Obtaining Test Subjects:
It is difficult to ethically obtain test subjects as patients often have families who do not consent to delays or experimentation. 


Page 9: Thus, receiving the 20 test subjects presents an opportunity to advance our lab’s research on emerging ways to fight Zombkolaps and other plagues. 


Page 10: While the likelihood of success is low, any probable increase to accomplishing our lab’s mission outweighs the individual lives of these test subjects.


Page 11: Dissent from Ethics Advisor: 
While all parties accepted my amendment for the test subjects being provided upfront, preventing the splash potions from enabling the payment, the deal does not satisfy my objections. 


Page 12: We do not know where this warlord got these test subjects from, but it was likely innocent civilians. Additionally, these potions are extremely dangerous, and can be used with massive destructive intent. 


Page 13: Entire villages can be wiped out with just a few of these. This deal will be a mistake.


Page 14: CEO APPROVAL OF POTION USE: NOT REQUIRED