Title: ZC Labs Made Zombkolaps Potion!


Author: Discoveries Against Turning (DAT) Foundation


Page 1: We received a report from an anonymous whistleblower within ZC Labs Inc that the company developed a potion that spreads Zombkolaps! 


Page 2: The DAT Foundation believes that the report is credible; our watchers noted a decrease of ZC Lab CCC agent activity while ZC Labs’ laboratories remain functional. 


Page 3: It’s implausible that the labs can maintain their experiments and near 100% cure rate without surplus zombies.


Page 4: The DAT Foundation wholeheartedly condemns the development of a Zombkolaps potion. 


Page 5: For the sake of everyone, we demand that ZC Labs provide a truthful statement about this development that commits to the destruction of all copies of the Zombkolaps potion and its associated recipe.


Page 6: This potion threatens everyone. If released or sold, this potion can be used to assassinate anyone or wipe out villages. 


Page 7: This could be used as a weapon for warfare, where these weapons can be used to overwhelm entire areas of the world by outpacing cure production. 


Page 8: And in a world where Zombkolaps ceases to exist, this potion could start the Kolaps all over again.


Page 9: ZC Labs must commit to destroying this potion for all of our sakes.


Page10: We can remember the world of before, we just have to fight to bring it back.


Title: ZC Labs Created The Zombkolaps!


Author: Conspiracy Uncovered


Page 1: ZC Labs’s lies have been revealed again! They made the Zombkolaps and cannot hide it anymore! 


Page 2: Everyone pretends that ZC Labs just invented the Zombkolaps potion, but we don’t forget that easily that the turning claim from their labs.


Page 3: So they turn their lies into a marketable poison for Governors to control us more easily!


Page 4: ZC Labs’s betrayal of the world is more visible than ever. They released this virus to destroy our society.


Page 5: Keeping your eyes out, being able to think critically is now criminalized by the system!


Page 6: It is no coincidence that these labs spread with the Confederation. 


Page 7: Governors seek to use the Zombkolaps as a way to profit from everyday citizens, both directly through the fees needed to access the “cure” from the banks and through making free thinking disappear. 


Page 8: Now, Governors don’t even need a zombie to make you disappear, they bottle it up and can throw it at you at a moment’s notice.


Page 9: It’s all a conspiracy for the governors, the labs, and the banks to control everything. We must resist, we cannot let these groups rule the world!