Title: Muknek is The Village


Author: Gismun Lekti Se-Tremorapaki


Page One: [Librarian’s Note]
I successfully preserved and copied this piece of dialogue from a larger book. Unfortunately, I lack the rest of the book to provide the context.


Page Two: Rodanek Se-Miraeiha: “Momdad, why don’t the others call you by your title?”


Nuluk Bi-Miraeiha: But they do, they always do.


Page Three: Rodanek Se-Miraeiha: I don’t understand, they just use “Bi”


Nuluk Bi-Miraeiha: Yes, because by representing the village, I am the village. To be mayor, is to personify the entire village.


Page Four: Rodanek Se-Miraeiha: But how do you be the village?


Nuluk Bi-Miraeiha: Someone’s gotta check the books, know where everyone else is, and replace the doors when zombies break them. The village placed its…


Page Five: [Librarian’s Note]
The rest of the passage could not be found.


Title: ZC Labs Buy Up Mesa Gold Mines


Author: The Tribune


Page One: The ZC Lab near Chonksalma always had a good relationship with the nearby mesa gold mines. Mesa gold mines sold massive quantities of gold with the money that ZC Labs earned from curing potions. ZC Labs turned sick people and gold into healthy people and profit.


Page Two: However, this relationship appeared to not be enough for this ZC Lab, which recently bought many of its gold mine trading partners.


Page Three: They put out a statement, proclaiming this purchase as a victory for patients, since they can now guarantee that the gold from these mines goes to cure production.


Page Four: However, critics state that this only increases the profits for this ZC Lab, and makes it far more difficult for anyone else to manufacture curies. There are already concerns about high cure prices, and the lack of competition may worsen it in the long run.


Title: The New CCC Program


Author: Zombie Containment (ZC) Labs Inc


Page One: We are proud to announce our new Contain, Capture, and Cure (CCC) program!


Page Two: Our agents will travel across the world to take zombie villagers and ill villagers to our labs. This removes sick individuals as a threat from their communities and allows us to study them to develop better medicine.


Page Three: If you see our agents at night, do not go near them, they might be conducting a dangerous mission.


Page Four: Finally, if you believe yourself to be turning, please surrender yourself to the nearest ZC Labs agent. You might wound up killing someone or getting killed without being taken to a safe place.


Page Five: We appreciate your cooperation in advance! ZC Labs knows that this program will save so many lives!