Title: Bank Policies Preamble


Author: Central Bank Authority


Page One: The bank policies state how a bank should be run and handle various situations that the bank might encounter. Following these policies are vital for the survival of your bank.


Page Two: Following these policies is mandatory, so we programmed them into every bank processor. The bank processor responds to various situations automatically for the safety of the bank.


Page Three: Below are some major principles:


Do not trust any governors or governor candidates.
Build emerald golems and emerald skirmishers to protect the bank and the nearby village.


Page Four:


Build a reserve of supplies, then hoard emeralds to build more defenders.
You are supreme in your village, not the Muknek.
Do not let anyone through the iron door.


Page Five: Always remember that you are the frontline against the dangers of the day and the night. Without the banks, everyone will perish.


Page Six: The world rests on your shoulders and the Bank Policies.


Title: Bank Policy 1


Author: Central Bank Authority


Page One: Reject all Governor Candidates.


Page Two: Every once in a while, a Muknek goes insane and nominates someone to be the next governor of your village. You must reject this nomination.


Page Three: Governors are dangerous tyrants who will seize your resources. We are better off without them. We are supreme, not the Muknek or a governor.


Page Four: Besides, we have the legal right to refuse any nomination.


Page Five: Furthermore, NEVER NOMINATE A GOVERNOR.


Title: Bank Policy 2:


Author: Central Bank Authority


Page One: Kill Any Nominated Governor on Sight


Page Two: If the Muknek or Governor Candidates disobeys the law and ignores your nomination. You must kill both of them. This is the only way to protect the bank.


Page Three: Without the Muknek, the Governor Candidate loses their patron. Kill the Governor Candidate enough times, and the Muknek will lose faith in them.


Page Four: All resources should be used to kill these individuals. This includes all emerald constructs.


Page Five: If you fail, the bank dies. Do not let it happen.


Title: Bank Policy 3


Author: Central Bank Authority


Page One: Bank Policy Supremacy Clause


Page Two: The Bank Policies are the highest authority for banks. Do not follow anyone else or other legal documents without referring to Bank Policies.


Page Three: Any other authority is not designed for banking interests and could destroy your bank if not superseded by these policies. Always remember that.


Title: Bank Policy 4


Author: Central Bank Authority


Page One: Role of the Administrative Codex


Page Two: In the event you encounter a situation that does not have an applicable policy, follow the administrative codex. Your bank processor follows the parts of the administrative codex that do not contradict bank policies.


Page Three: If no copy of the administrative codex can be found, disregard this policy.


Title: Emerald Processor Blueprint


Author: Hundin Indani Glodkeit


Page One: The Emerald Processor makes and breaks a bank. With it, we have our source of power, we can turn emerald from a useless ore into any object or into a fighter. Without it, we decay.


Page Two: Thus, this book contains the recipe on how to construct another Emerald Processor in the event that your bank loses it. While this book is useless without a bank processor, please do not let this book leave your bank.


Page Three: Note: This recipe only works in a bank’s emerald crafting grid.


Page Four:  


D H D
E F E
D D D


D - Deepslate bricks
E = Emerald
F- Furnace
H - Hopper