Title: What are Emerald Golems?


Author: Sensu OrangeVillager32


Page One: Above all else, the emerald golem represents the power of the banks. 


Page Two: The quick and fast hitting emerald golem serves as a key defense to any village. 


Page Three: While not as sturdy as its more simplistic cousin, the mighty iron golem, banks can rapidly manufacture them to fight off any threats to a village. 


Page Four: They’re built similar to an iron golem, but take four emerald blocks instead of four iron blocks.


Page Five: Meanwhile, compared to their smaller but more versatile emerald skirmishers, they are a true war machine and protector of villages. Don’t expect them to clean up the mess though.


Title: Buy Emerald Leads Today!


Author: Zombie Containment (ZC) Labs Inc


Page One: Did your loved one turn into a zombie villager? Is your friend sick and turning green? Are you struggling to remember all the different ways that a zombie can break into your home?


Page Two: All of these situations can be heartbreaking and terrifying! But don’t worry, we have a tool to help you: The Emerald Lead!


Page Three: The Emerald Golems grabs any zombie villager or infected villager so you can take them to a place that is safe for both of you! 


Page Four: There, you can tie them up until you can find them a cure. The best part? The zombie villager will be so enchanted by the emerald lead that they will lose interest in attacking anyone else!


Page Five: All golems are programmed to not attack villagers with an emerald lead attached to them. This protects your loved ones from getting their head bashed in and our golems can focus on bashing the zombies.


Page Six: Buy them today at your local bank!


Title: Smelling like a Zombie


Author: Temmun OrangeVillager842
Page One: One of the first questions of the Kolaps is “Why don’t Zombies attack each other?” These creatures attack every villager that they can get their hands on, so how do they tell the difference?


Page Two: They tell the difference through smell. As you might notice, zombies have a distinct, horrible rotting smell. Zombies are deeply indifferent to the rotting smell while attracted to ours.


Page Three: This creates a key way to be safe from the zombies, we just need to smell like them! Thus, if you concentrate the smell of a zombie and carry it around, you get a zombie smell.


Page Four: You can focus this smell by coating a piece of wool with rotten flesh.


Page Five: Firstly, rotten flesh tends to fall apart fast. The solution is to make compact rotten flesh by putting 9 together to strengthen the foundation.


Page Six: Then, coat 4 compacted rotten flesh on a piece of wool on a stick and then put in inventory to create the smell. Zombies should avoid you for a few minutes.


Title: Cure for Zombkolaps Invented!


Author: Zombie Containment (ZC) Labs Inc


Page One: Years of ZC Lab research culminated in our generation’s greatest achievement: The Cure for Zombkolaps. Sacrifices of so many people paid off for this cure.


Page Two: We present the cure for Zombkolaps. This works for all three stages of disease but we recommend applying as soon as possible.


Page Three: Firstly, you need to weaken the diseases by splashing a potion of weakness on the patient. Then, you need to feed the patient a golden apple.


Page Four: If the patient is in the first two phases, they should almost immediately recover. However, if the patient became a zombie, it takes a while for them to convert back. 


Page Five: Warning: At this time, when someone is converting back from a zombie, they are often stronger and more dangerous, as their body unrots.


Title: Catching Zombkolaps


Author: Discoveries Against Turning (DAT) Foundation


Page One: Broadly speaking, the DAT Foundation believes that there are three ways for Zombkolaps. All involve physical contact.
Page Two: Firstly, Zombkolaps can spread through a bite by an infected individual. All bites should seek immediate medical attention. If this is not possible, then self isolate to protect others around you.


Page Three: The second way is from parent to child. An infected individual that births a child will often pass this down to them. This sad situation makes checking children a priority.


Page Four: Finally, Zombkolaps can spread through consuming rotten flesh. While this is rare, there are reports of this occurring. Do not eat rotten flesh.


Page Five: Importantly, Zombkolaps can not spread through:


Air
Water
Books


Page Six: Do not forget these contents and stay safe out there!


Title: Village Friendship Guide


Author: Kirpini OrangeVillager2


Page One: Earning the loyalty and friendship of a village can be convincing. Thus, I created this guide to help you make friends with a village.


Page Two: Firstly, a village’s opinion of you starts with an average opinion of all villagers in a village. This means trading with them and avoiding hurting them is a good first start.


Page Three: Secondly, beds are a vital part for growing any village. Every villager needs a bed to sleep. Placing one gains opinion with the entire village but destroying one angers it. These beds do need to be inside though.


Page Four: Finally, once you earn the friendship of a village, you can become its governor. The mayor can nominate you for the role and the bank has to approve. I’m sure you can get the bank’s support!


Title: The Role of a Lumberjack


Author: Sensu OrangeVillager32


Page One: The humble lumberjack is key for the maintenance of any village. They collect wood and convert it into charcoal for the village.


Page Two: Every morning, a lumberjack goes to their sawmill and looks for trees to cut down. After they cut down a tree, they replant the sapling and turn some of the wood into charcoal.


Page Three: Then, they sell their contents to the bank.


Page Four: This role is vital to provide fuel for the bank and wood to repair doors broken by zombies.


Title: Look for Abandoned Vaults


Author: Kirpini OrangeVillager2


Page One: Hello friend! I want to tell you about abandoned vaults.
When a bank gets destroyed or abandoned, a part of its vault often survives.


Page Two: I strongly recommend that you go looking for them, you can find an immense number of emeralds in these locations.


Page Three: These structures are almost always burned in the ground, but there are ways to find them.


Page Four: Firstly, the land above them is often oddly shaped and flat. This is because the ground above is newer and fits the shape of the vault. Once you find one, you can see the pattern.
Page Five: Secondly, you can find a map to them. Most banks sell one copy for a large sum of emeralds. They won’t sell it to you unless they like you enough though since they only have one copy.


Page Six: Go exploring and see what riches you can find.


Title: What is a bank?


Author: Kirpini OrangeVillager2


Page One: Banks are the backbone of every village. They build emerald golems, distribute food, and provide a place for villagers to sell the products of their work.


Page Two: The primary role of the bank is to hoard emeralds to build emerald golems to defend the village. Thus, all emeralds that villagers obtain end up here.


Page Three: Trading with banks might be your main source of emeralds. Item prices are dependent on how many they need to help the village function. Surplus items are cheap to buy and sell, items in demand are expensive.


Page Four: Furthermore, trading with villagers moves emeralds from the bank directly to you and to the bank. Thus, despite the ability of villagers to summon items out of thin area, they cannot do them with emeralds.


Page Five: You can gain favor with banks by donating items that they need, rather than making them pay. This might get you access to unique trades.


Page Six: Meanwhile, they get upset if you break into their chests, attack their employees, or any of their emerald creations. Anger them at your own risk.